DOCS-1892: Unique order number for Afterpay notice under product rules (#1115)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payment-methods/billing-suite/afterpay/how-does-afterpay-work.md

* Having the new payment pages enabled for a specific site profile is necessary in order to process AfterPay payments. 
You can check this in your [MultiSafepay Control](https://merchant.multisafepay.com/switch-connect-v2) if you navigate to _Settings > Payment pages_

> * An Afterpay order must have a _unique order number_ for every attempted payment made by a customer. MultiSafepay will receive a validation error for every attempt on an order number that has already been used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Every payment attempt of an Afterpay order must have a unique order ID.
```

> Changing the status to _Shipped_ allows AfterPay to initiate the billing process towards the customer. AfterPay will guarantee the payout of the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changing the status to **Shipped** allows AfterPay to initiate the billing process towards the customer. AfterPay will guarantee the payout of the transaction.

```

> The _Shipped_ status is therefore important for invoicing the customer and the payout of the transaction on your MultiSafepay balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Shipped** status is therefore important for invoicing the customer and the payout of the transaction on your MultiSafepay balance.

```
